README.md, before:

I'm James. I use computers to explore data. 💻📊 He/Him

My publications can be viewed on [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=hbR8DVYAAAAJ&hl=en).
In academia, I studied transmembrane proteins in the context of structure and disease, and have moved to more technology-focused roles.

## 💼 My work style

-  ⏰ **Times**
   - I work Monday to Friday, with alternating Fridays as non-working days.
   - I usually start between 9.30 and 10.00AM
   - I don't always finish at the same time but it's usually around 7pm
- ✉️ **Communication**
   - Don't be alarmed if you get messages or emails from me outside of your work hours – I don't expect a response until you're back online and ready to reply
   - I sometimes pop out for a coffee or a dog walk during the day. I'll do my best to flag this in slack. If you need me urgently, please call me ☎️


## 👨‍💻 Work history

- 🤖 **Lead MLOps Engineer** at the Ministry of Justice (MoJ)
- ⚙️ **Lead Data Engineer** at the Ministry of Justice (MoJ)
- 📊 **Data Science QA Lead** at the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) 
- 📈 **Modelling QA Lead** at the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA)
- 🏥 **Senior Health Analyst** at the Joint Biosecurity Centre, part of NHS test and trace
- 🧪 **Postdoctoral Fellow** at the European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI)
- 🌏 **Intern** in the Computational Chemistry Department at the Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok 

## 🎓 Education

- 🌏 **PhD** at the University of Manchester in conjunction with the Singapore A*STAR Bioinformatics Institute
- **Masters** in Biochemistry at the University of Liverpool


## 🧪 Out of the lab

- [Code Club Volunteer](https://codeclub.org/en/) for the Raspberry Pi Foundation.
- Featured in the Sanger blog post on ["Inspiring prisoners and their families with genomics"](https://sangerinstitute.blog/2020/08/25/inspiring-prisoners-and-their-families-with-genomics/)
- Awarded a grant from the Enabling Fund from the Wellcome Trust to run a workshop in schools and public events for using video games to examine protein structures
- SE Q&A posting history at [Biology Stack Exchange](https://biology.stackexchange.com/users/3553/james).

<a href="https://biology.stackexchange.com/users/3553/james"><img src="https://biology.stackexchange.com/users/flair/3553.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for James at Biology Stack Exchange, Q&amp;A for biology researchers, academics, and students" title="profile for James at Biology Stack Exchange, Q&amp;A for biology researchers, academics, and students"></a>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and contact details
Updated personal introduction and contact information.

README.md, after:

I'm James. I use computers to explore and engineer data. 💻📊 He/Him

## 💼 My work style

-  ⏰ **Times**
   - I work Monday to Friday, with alternating Fridays as non-working days.
   - I usually start between 9.30 and 10.00AM
   - I don't always finish at the same time but it's usually around 7pm
- ✉️ **Communication**
   - Don't be alarmed if you get messages or emails from me outside of your work hours – I don't expect a response until you're back online and ready to reply
   - I sometimes pop out for a coffee or a dog walk during the day. I'll do my best to flag this in slack. If you need me urgently, please call me ☎️


## 👨‍💻 Work history

- 🤖 **Lead MLOps Engineer** at the Ministry of Justice (MoJ)
- ⚙️ **Lead Data Engineer** at the Ministry of Justice (MoJ)
- 📊 **Data Science QA Lead** at the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) 
- 📈 **Modelling QA Lead** at the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA)
- 🏥 **Senior Health Analyst** at the Joint Biosecurity Centre, part of NHS test and trace
- 🧪 **Postdoctoral Fellow** at the European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI)
- 🇹🇭 **Intern** in the Computational Chemistry Department at the Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok
- 📖 My publications can be viewed on [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=hbR8DVYAAAAJ&hl=en).


## 🎓 Education

- 🇸🇬 **PhD** at the University of Manchester and the Singapore A*STAR Bioinformatics Institute
- 🇬🇧 **Masters** in Biochemistry at the University of Liverpool


## 🧪 Out of the lab

- [Code Club Volunteer](https://codeclub.org/en/) for the Raspberry Pi Foundation.
- Featured in the Sanger blog post on ["Inspiring prisoners and their families with genomics"](https://sangerinstitute.blog/2020/08/25/inspiring-prisoners-and-their-families-with-genomics/)
- Awarded a grant from the Enabling Fund from the Wellcome Trust to run a workshop in schools and public events for using video games to examine protein structures
- SE Q&A posting history at [Biology Stack Exchange](https://biology.stackexchange.com/users/3553/james).

<a href="https://biology.stackexchange.com/users/3553/james"><img src="https://biology.stackexchange.com/users/flair/3553.png" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for James at Biology Stack Exchange, Q&amp;A for biology researchers, academics, and students" title="profile for James at Biology Stack Exchange, Q&amp;A for biology researchers, academics, and students"></a>

## Contact

If you have any sort of questions or comments, please feel free to get in touch.

✉️ Email: james.a.baker@protonmail.com

💻 LinkedIn: [James Baker](https://www.linkedin.com/in/james-alexander-baker-phd-57a325a6/)
